[MUSIC PLAYING]
[CHEERING]
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Oh, my god.
[APPLAUSE]
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Welcome.
Welcome, welcome, welcome.
We're so excited to
have you here at Google.
Thank you so much for
taking the time to come.
And this is Jessica
Williams everybody.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Hey, how you doing?
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: This
is Phoebe Robinson.
Hey.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: YKY.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: And
we're 2 Dope Queens.
So we're so happy to be here.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah,
thanks for having us.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Absolutely.
So just for those
of you who don't
have an extensive background
about "2 Dope Queens," "2 Dope
Queens" started as a
comedy show between two
best friends in Brooklyn, hosted
by these two wonderful ladies
here to my left.
It launched as a
podcast in March 2016.
And it is produced
by WNYC Studios.
So the "2 Dope Queens" podcast
is appraised by "The Guardian,"
by "The New York Times."
It was actually rated
the best podcast of 2016.
So let's give it up.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: What?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
OK, you knew that.
I was like-- we talked about it.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: I know.
They're like comedy
show in New York.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
That is amazing.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Right, so
just gonna let that soak in
and simmer and
sparkle for a second.
So you have Season
3 starting soon.
Is that right?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yes.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Yes, Season
3 starts Tuesday, April 4th.
Are you ready?
Ready to go?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yes, of course.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: All right.
We have some pretty cool
guests that are coming.
We've heard that we have
Jon Hamm, Gabrielle Union.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yes.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
That show's gonna
to be "2 Dope Queens"
and another queen.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: It's
like 2 Dope Queens
and like a Khaleesi.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: And like a--
[LAUGHTER]
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
It was really cool.
Yeah.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Absolutely.
All right, so let's get
into some questions.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Cool.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: I tried to set
up some hard-hitting questions.
Let's not get too serious.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: OK.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: But
we can get serious.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: We can
do whatever, honestly.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: I
think we're going
to go in really deep at first.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Great.
Whatever you want.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: All right.
I want to talk to you
guys about your show
in the context of modern comedy
and intersectional feminism.
How do you feel your show fits
into that social commentary?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: That's
a great question.
I love that question.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: It just
seems like such a normal--
it's not hard-hitting to me.
It feels just like a
straight because we
think about it all the time.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
I think when we
started the podcast,
we just recognized that
the podcasting world
was very white.
And--
[LAUGHTER]
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Hmm, really.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: And
everyone kind of sounds
like Ira Glass, which
is great because he
has a beautiful voice.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: He has
the best voice, best voice.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: But I think
it can make women or people
of color, people are from the
LGBTQ+ community feel like,
well, this isn't a space for
us because the only things that
are getting shine or are
breaking out mainstream-wise
are white people.
And so when we started
the show, we just
said that we want
to do shows, comedy
shows especially in New York,
which are also mostly white.
So we just wanted to do shows
of women, people of color,
people from the queer
community because we're like,
there's so many brilliant
people that aren't necessarily
on Netflix's radar, like
Comedy Central's radar yet.
But they're really
talented and funny.
And they have stories
to tell that are just
as valid and just as important
as the white dude stories.
You know what I mean?
And sometimes even, like, more
important, like "La La Land.
Like, sorry, but that was trash.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: That was crazy.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: It
was like, oh, you're
going to save jazz, Ryan?
OK.
Um--
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
All by hisself.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: I can't.
It's like, oh, you
can't sing either?
Good luck with that.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Alone.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Sorry,
that was too much.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
That was just drag.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: It angers me!
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
That was like--
I knew.
But it's like "La La Land," it
cracks me up because it's so
triggering for you.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: It
makes me so upset.
I just--
[PRETENDS TO VOMIT]
But anyway, the point
is that we wanted
to just do something
that was going
to be representative
of our conversations
with people that
we hang out with.
And the conversations
that you guys
have at home or at
work or at the gym.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
That some of us have.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: At the gym?
I ain't talking to
nobody at the damn gym.
[LAUGHTER]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: You don't
hang out and chill at Equinox?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: I don't.
Like, that's like such a
"Sex in the City" lifestyle
sort of reference that you
know none of us fucking do.
None of you people do.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: I don't know.
Maybe people, like dudes--
JESSICA WILLIAMS: You
guys have a gym here.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: You
have a gym here, right?
I'm sure you guys talk to--
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
That's pretty cool.
Do you guys, like, talk,
or are you just mortified?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Right.
You're like, oh, my god.
Karen in accounts payable wants
to talk to-- headphones in.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah,
like if you paid me--
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: We barely talk
to each other outside the gym.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Yeah, well, I know
we're always talking about--
we're both members of
Equinox, AKA, Eeks.
And so we're always joking about
going to a class or something
together.
And I'm always
like, I don't know.
I'm not really available.
Just because the
idea of being super
close to you and sweating,
I'm really scared.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Who cares if you--
JESSICA WILLIAMS: I'm scared.
It's vulnerable.
It's like the real me.
I might be ashy.
My lips might get dry.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Who cares?
I'm not checking you out.
I just want to do Pilates
to get my core strong.
Do you know what I mean?
So it's fine.
Let's do it together.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: OK,
OK, I think I might.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: OK.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: I'll see you
upstairs, like, after this.
[LAUGHTER]
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: But now that
we've covered in "La La Land"
and how much we hated it--
JESSICA WILLIAMS: I thought
it was fine, to be honest.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: I detested it.
OK, so Team Phoebe here
with the hated "La La Land."
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Cool.
Well, all right.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: So now that
we've covered that, making sure
that the landscape wasn't
super white and male,
let's talk about the impact that
you think this show has had.
What do you think the impact
the show has had in 2016?
And what would you like
it to be in the next year?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: You know?
It's funny.
I feel like the best part
about, for me, at least,
about "2 Dope
Queens" is that now,
when we go out around
Brooklyn, there's always
really cool women that come up.
And they're like, oh,
dude, I love your podcast.
And it feels like I'm
hanging out with my friends.
And that, to me, is
really important.
And that's a part
of the reason why
we do the show is because
we like each other.
And we think friendship
is important.
And female friendship is really
at the core of this podcast.
And I really do think and
hope that we encourage
female friendship in general.
And I also just feel like people
are always tweeting at us,
trying to figure out
who the comedian was
that we had on our show.
And it'll be a lesbian
comedian or anybody
of the LGBT community.
And I feel like they're
also getting a platform.
So I think that's been such
a huge part of everything.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
And I also think
we reach people that
we never expected
would be into the show.
Like, Kevin Bacon was
like, I love this show.
He's like, I subscribe to
it, and I listened to it
every week.
And I was like--
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
We were like, what?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Kevin, you
have so many things going on,
and your looking--
you know what I mean?
It was crazy because he
was like, I love this show.
He's like, my daughter
listens to it.
And I'm just like,
that's really cool.
And like, Bono sent us flowers.
I made it 10 minutes.
I made 10 minutes
without bringing up U2.
You should be proud.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
It's like, not--
[INAUDIBLE] though because
we were looking at a U2 fan
account in the car
on the way here.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: It's
called U2 Blog News.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: But it
got, like, 94 followers.
And a lot of the
photos were blurry.
They were out of focus.
They were formatted oddly.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
They're working on it.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: They're
getting it together?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: I gotta
keep up with my U2 news.
But it was really cool
because Jess and I
do a lot of philanthropic
stuff with "2 Dope Queens."
And we did something for
Poverty is Sexist Campaign.
To have Bono be like, thank you
for doing that was really cool.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah,
it was pretty dope.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah,
so I think the fact
that we can highlight
people, and also,
people that we're fans
of can be into our stuff
and what we're doing
feels kind of crazy.
Because sometimes I'm like, I'm
just talking about nonsense.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: You know?
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
We are just talking
about things that we
like and things that
tickle us and make us laugh.
And I know, for me, one of my
favorite parts about the show
is making you laugh.
And I feel like you've told
me you feel the same way too.
And so it's really exciting
that people respond to that.
It's like, oh, cool.
So we can do more of
what's fun for us,
and people really like it?
That rules.
That's the dream.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Yeah.
That's cool.
I was listening to
"Hated It" the other day.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Oh, good.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: There was
at least two to three seconds
where the two of
you were laughing,
and I found myself laughing.
And it was just really
interesting to be
sitting in the middle
of Google, and I'm just
laughing really loud.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Oh, way.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
But feeling like
I'm laughing with a group of
girlfriends, really lovely.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: That's good.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Disturbing some
of my coworkers who are here.
That's all right.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Sawwy.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
Sorry, not really.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Sorry, not sorry.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: OK, so in
that vein, what do you think
is the most single bit
of positive feedback
you've received about the show?
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
We don't get it.
I'm just kidding.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: No comments.
No one ever writes anything.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Everybody hates us.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
Remember, they don't.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: I don't know.
It's always like
when it's just like--
when we did Sketchfest at Cobbs.
And this, I guess,
was two years ago.
And this black
woman came up to us.
And she was starting
to cry a little bit.
And I was like, whoa,
this is like Bieber level.
[LAUGHTER]
JESSICA WILLIAMS: That
literally is not Bieber.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: It's Bieber.
It's Bieber chasing.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: It's
literally not in his borough.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: It's like,
OK, maybe not Justin Bieber,
maybe like the least famous
Jonas brother, Kevin.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Yeah, like Kevin.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: It's
like Kevin Jonas.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah,
that's pretty cool.
I feel comfortable with
being Kevin, K Jonas.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: And so
she just started to cry.
She said, you guys, your
podcast means so much to me.
And these are conversations
I have with my girlfriends.
And I just felt like I wasn't
represented in the media.
And this show is a way for
me to feel like I'm looking
at myself in the mirror.
So I was like, that was pretty.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
That's really cool.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
I remember we had
Gabrielle Union on the show.
And she gave us
really cool feedback.
And like she's a
fan of the show.
And she was saying how she loved
listening to it because she
feels like back in the day,
she couldn't get away with,
as a black actress, saying
the things that we're
allowed to say.
And so it was
really, really cool
that we are able to
express ourselves freely.
And we're like, well,
thank you for what you did.
And so having like a legend
say something like that to us,
I know we just died.
And then we came back to life.
And so here we are,
though we definitely died.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: And
so now you're here.
OK, and so all right.
So that's super positive.
And we can see how
it impacts you,
I think, that the
energy you get, you guys
obviously give
back to your show.
Right?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Mm-hmm, yeah.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: But
what do you think
has been the most critical
feedback that you've received?
And how do you manage that?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: That's funny.
I stopped reading any
sort of reviews of us
a long time ago, like right
after we started the show.
But one of them that I read
was that my laugh was annoying,
which is fine.
Because it's like,
there's nothing I can do.
But also, they're
like, it's not for me.
I don't the inside
friendship stuff.
And it's like, oh, well,
that's not for you.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: It's like,
you don't like "Friends"?
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Like, that's crazy.
Literally one of the most
successful shows of all time,
it's called "Friends."
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: It's
called "Friends."
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Yeah, and not like,
Outside Small Talk
with Strangers.
It's called "Friends."
[LAUGHTER]
JESSICA WILLIAMS: And it's
also like, how long have
you hated things that are good?
You know what I mean?
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Forever.
Forever.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
And how does that
affect your day-to-day life?
Like It's like,
we're not for you.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: They
looked up and decided
they hated friendship.
Friendship is awful.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah,
like who hates that?
You know what I mean?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah,
that's just stupid.
Also, I used to
be on top of the--
because we have a fan
page on another website,
and I don't want to say it
here because I don't know
if you guys are beefing or not.
Just kidding.
It's Facebook.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Oh.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Is that OK?
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
We're frenemies.
It's OK.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: OK, cool.
And so I used to
check the messages.
And there was this one guy--
it's always, like,
a dude, of course.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Always
some freaking Tom or Tad.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Kevin, Seth.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: And
he didn't like how much
we said the word "like."
And so he was telling us
that we should work on it.
And you know, I'm
thinking, literally this
is just how everyone talks.
Everyone says "like."
Barack Obama says "like."
You know what I mean?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: It's called,
like, being a human being.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Right, like
Justin Trudeau says "like."
I've heard it.
That's just a filler word.
Get over it.
But it's just stuff like that,
where men want to try and tell
us how we should speak
differently that would
be more pleasing to them.
And it's just there--
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
This ain't for you.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Right.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: This
shit isn't for you.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Right.
And it's how society trains
people to think of the way
that women naturally speak
is somehow incorrect,
and the way that men
speak is somehow the ideal
and what people
should strive for.
And I'm just, no.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: No.
Hell no.
We ain't got time for that.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
Speak how you want to speak.
And so that was kind
of really irritating.
And then I think
sometimes people will
say, you and Jace-- uh, Jace.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: It's Jessica.
My name's Jessica.
[LAUGHTER]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: All right.
I thought--
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Can
we call you Jace?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Can
JESSICA WILLIAMS: I guess so.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: I
was going to say race.
And then I said Jace.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: You went Jace.
It's funny that, like,
you're one of my best friends
and you just called me Jace.
So I'm gonna remember
that forever.
Keep going.
[LAUGHTER]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: This
person said that Jess and I
talk too much about race.
And it was just kind
of like, one, we don't.
And also--
JESSICA WILLIAMS: We do though.
[LAUGHTER]
We do.
It's like, our identity.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
It's not too much.
It's the proper
amount because we all
talk about race in a
real way in this country
in the first place, which is why
we have the president we have.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Sorry.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Now I'm getting--
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
Let that simmer.
"Which is why we have
the president we have."
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
But I think us talking
about racist cab
drivers or bad
customer service, these
are all things that
people of color
go through in the country.
These are all things
that every day,
we face these
microaggressions that--
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
You have to stomach.
Like oftentimes, I know for
us, we grew up in the suburbs.
It's like you're
around white people who
oftentimes don't understand
what microaggressions are.
You have to hold your tongue.
It's like you have to
really keep it composed.
And then when you find somebody
who is a person of color,
or a member of the LGBT
community, who understands
that, it's the best connection.
It's like the most
life-affirming thing ever.
It's like when women get
catcalled, most of the time,
that's a very personal
experience that you just log
and then you go about your day.
But if you explain
that to another woman,
it feels so good.
And it feels really
life-affirming.
And that to me--
Also, this is a show
about friendships
with people of color.
And that's how we
talk to each other.
So it really is--
that means that you don't
have enough friends that
are minorities, I
think, if you feel
like we talk about race
too much because every day,
we are reminded of our race,
and we are constantly confronted
with that in our day-to-day.
And I just feel like it's
the most natural thing
to talk about
things that make you
laugh or sad or angry or
happy with how you look
and your race.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: And
Phoebe, you alluded to it.
But I just want to
make sure that we talk
about it a little bit more.
You did have an episode
where you guys talked
about an experience in a
cab with a racist cabdriver.
And in terms of the validation
of not just talking as friends,
but it's also really
valuable that you
talked about your
thought process
as you went through
that experience.
Like, was that racist?
Was that not racist?
Do I react now?
Do I not react now?
Do I allow my partner, who's
a white male, to react?
How do I process this feeling?
Do you find that a
lot of your viewers
respond to that as well?
Not just how you react together,
but the verbal storytelling
that goes with how
you experience racism
as black women.
Yeah.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Yeah, I mean, I think
we both have racist
cabdrivers in the same week.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: We all
have racist cabdrivers.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: It'd be synced
up like it was our period.
It's not--
[LAUGHTER]
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Yes.
Yes.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: And so
it was just very funny
how we both-- we were
like, OK, so this happened.
She was like, wait,
this happened to me.
And so those are
conversations that
happen all the time every day.
And I think part of
it is that people
think that racism happens
one time to you, one time
in your life, and that's it.
And it's like, no, it happens
every week, or every month,
every year.
And so I think when we both have
these different experiences,
like how Jess's
cabdriver only stopped
once he saw her boyfriend--
JESSICA WILLIAMS: That's right.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Or how
the guy said the N word
because he was like, well,
my daughter is half black,
so I can say it.
And it was just these weird--
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Weird.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: --weird
kind of like-- we're
supposed to live in a
post-racial society,
but things like this
are still happening.
So I think it just kind of made
the black women, hopefully,
who listened to the
episode be like, yeah, I
have my own really
shitty cab experience.
And maybe I didn't tell anybody.
And the fact that
we said something,
maybe they're like,
well, next time
I am going to say something.
And I'm going to let people
know that this is terrible.
Like, when I was
in that situation,
I didn't say anything
to the guy because I
was like, this is weird.
This is crazy.
He knows where I live.
I don't want to anger
anyone who's driving me.
But it is in those situations
where you hopefully
learn that you can stand
up for yourself more.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah, and I
think this show has given me
a lot of things.
But one of the things
that it's given me
is strength to speak up a lot.
I feel like there's this
idea of the black woman as
angry or confrontational.
But oftentimes, I find
that I shrink into myself,
and I get really quiet
when something is like--
there's a microaggression, or if
there's something racist that's
happened.
But I feel like the
more that I do our show,
and the more that
we get feedback
from other black women--
because really, we're
just two black women in a
world full of black women.
You know?
I'm like, oh, I
should speak up more.
It kind of gives me the
courage to speak out, I think.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Right.
And you did it so differently.
Right?
So in that episode,
at one point,
when you got into the cab
and he had hailed the cab,
you said, ha, ha!
I like this moment.
Right?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Surprise.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
Like oh, I got you!
Got you.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Surprise.
That's my white boyfriend.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: And
then you responded.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Customer service.
I emailed.
And I said, hi, I'm black.
That's a great subject line.
Really gets people
on high alert.
They're like, oh, shit.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
When you see yourself
looking at your computer.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
And I got a refund.
And they're like, we're
going to reprimand this guy.
And I was like, great.
So it was awesome.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: That's great.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: So
thank you for that.
Thank you for going down that
path because definitely for me,
that was one of my
favorite episodes.
If you haven't seen it, you
need to go start listening
to the entire podcast,
but start with that one.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Thank you.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
That was awesome.
What advice would you give
other black women or just
intersectional women--
because I think
we've talked a lot
about intersectionality
and about allyship.
But trying to get
into this industry,
trying to start a podcast,
trying to really make their
voices known.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Do
you want to go first?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah,
well, first of all,
please start a podcast.
Because the amount
of feedback we've
gotten from "2 Dope
Queens" is great.
But there are so many
black female voices
that need to be heard.
And I think the response
that we've gotten
is just evidence that oh,
there needs to be more
black female stories out there.
But also, if you're doing
it with another person,
find someone that excites you
and that you can geek out with
and that you enjoy.
And also, if you're doing
it with another person,
realize that it's
kind of a marriage,
and it's a relationship.
And it's a team.
And you have to
sort of figure out
how to work together
and do give and take
and communicate and
figure that out.
And also, be the most
yourself that you possibly can
is the biggest one, because
it's super valuable.
And it keeps it from
being just another podcast
about white dudes, whiten it up.
Just be yourself because
that is the most interesting
fascinating thing.
And if you're speaking
from a point of truth,
then it will
resonate with people.
Really.
It's impossible for
it to not resonate.
That would be my advice.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
I think if you think
you have a story
to tell that's worth hearing,
you're probably right.
So you should just go for it.
And it doesn't matter if
there's not an example there,
a blueprint for you to follow.
You can be the first one.
And you can figure things
out yourself and what works
and what doesn't.
So don't be afraid
to take a leap.
And WNYC is getting really more
involved with other things.
So we're both wearing pins for
their latest podcast that's
coming out called
"Nancy" on April 9th.
And it's an LGBTQ+ podcast.
It's going to be a lot
of storytelling, also
investigative stuff.
And they just decided, hey,
we want our voices out there.
And these are stories
that should be told.
And now it's a podcast of WNYC.
So I think if you just really
believe in your idea 1,000%.
And maybe you can't
start at WNYC.
Maybe you have to
start in your apartment
and do a podcast I did that.
I was doing a podcast in
my apartment in Brooklyn,
in a shitty one
bedroom apartment.
And she was there.
She saw it.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Well, I
allegedly did a podcast,
an episode of this
when we first met.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: I
accidentally deleted it.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Try
and get a producer.
You guys work at Google.
That would never happen.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Maybe get a producer,
because I did not know how
to work SoundCloud properly.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: It was
three hours of my time
that I'll never get back.
But she completely deleted it.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Which
I've paid back in spades.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: We sat
at her kitchen table.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
It's Google Talks.
Like, it was worth it.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: I don't know.
They're not going to
delete this footage.
[LAUGHTER]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: But yeah,
just start out wherever you can
and hone your voice
and hone your vision.
Because that thing that's going
to set you apart the most--
you think it's oh, I
have to sound like this.
I have to do what's
already been done.
The thing that's going
to set you apart the most
is if you stay
true to your voice.
Because ultimately, people
want that new thing.
And a lot of times, people
are scared to take that risk
on a new thing.
But if you can just
establish your own stuff
and your own following, and
just believe in your own vision.
And be a business
person about it.
That's the other thing.
It's not just creativity.
You have to be a businessperson
about whatever endeavor
you go into.
You're going to be fine.
And it's not going
to happen overnight.
It's going to take a while.
But keep the faith.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Be yourself.
Don't be afraid to start.
Be all the way, all the
way, all the way yourself.
Don't try to moderate
or change your voice.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah, it's
the hardest thing to do.
I think it's life's
journey, hashtag #SelfHelp.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
It's a marriage.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Oprah's
like, [INAUDIBLE].
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Yeah.
So you two are best friends
in real life, really,
really, best friends.
What's it like?
I'm going to ask
you a few questions.
A, we talked a lot about
what are the feelings
and motivations that
you have to have,
really being true to yourself.
How did you guys get started?
How did you decide?
You were hanging
out, having pizza.
How did you look
over to your girl
and say, we should
start a comedy show?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Well, we
met when I did background
on a "Daily Show" piece
she did about black hair
in the military.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
And I had already
known who she was
because she was
in Upright Citizens
Brigade, as was I.
And she had a [INAUDIBLE].
She was really funny.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: And so we met.
That was July 2014.
And I was like, hey, do you
want to come do my podcast?
And I was like,
this is not jank.
Like, I interview a lot--
JESSICA WILLIAMS: She was
like, it's super legit.
Deleted my shit.
She deleted my shit.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: I was like,
I interview whites and act
like this is, like, legit.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Getting deleted.
[LAUGHTER]
I was like so hateful to
you after you deleted it.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Well, I was like,
let me do a new, different
recording process this time.
I shouldn't have done that.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
You shouldn't have
switched the style up on me.
You know what I mean?
That's like
black-on-black crime.
[LAUGHTER]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: But
you have to learn.
I'm an experimentor.
I'm like Benjamin Franklin.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
You're literally not
like Benjamin Franklin.
That is so disrespectful.
[LAUGHTER]
You deleted a podcast, and
you're Benjamin Franklin.
Yes.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: I'm,
you know, in training.
Anyway.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Geez Louise.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: And
so we just hit it off
when we were taping the podcast.
And she said her
birthday was coming up.
And I asked her what
she wanted to do.
She said, I always
wanted to do stand-up.
And I said, well, I can
do a monthly stand-up show
at UCB East.
Do you want to co-host
it with me as a goof?
It'll be fun.
We'll just hang out.
And then, like, it will be a
nice treat for the audience.
And then we ended up
having so much fun doing
that we were like, all right,
let's do another show together.
And then we were like,
let's just keep doing this.
And then we moved to Union
Hall because we were like,
we want to get paid, and UCB
doesn't pay, which is fine.
I mean.
It's--
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
It's like just do you.
Do whatever.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: I'm
a businessperson.
That's the most
Jay-Z thing about me.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm reaching real high
with these legends.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: I know.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Comparing myself.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: You're
literally like reaching
and pulling, like, a lot.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Like,
I'm ruining his life.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah.
And legacy.
[LAUGHTER]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
And we had a really
amazing show at Union Hall.
We were both like, this
could be a podcast.
And I was like, well, what if
we just record it ourselves?
And she was like, we should
make it professional.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
You deleted our--
[LAUGHTER]
The track record is you
deleted our podcast.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
And she was like, I
know some people at WNYC.
Let's figure out a game plan,
pitch it and everything.
And the rest is just herstory.
Hi.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Hey.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: That's great.
So OK, what has been
your favorite episode
and your favorite guest and why?
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Oh, [INAUDIBLE].
Are you going to say-- are
you going to say Jon Hamm?
[LAUGHTER]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yes.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Well,
I was just thinking.
I'm trying to think.
We had Carrie Brownstein on.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
That I was cool.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: And
I am obsessed with her.
And so that was kind
of a dream come true.
I had seen her in high
school a couple times
doing shows and stuff.
And we're such fans
of "Portlandia."
She was amazing and super fun.
And I think we
crowdsurfed with her too.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: No, we didn't.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Oh, yeah, we did.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: We did!
JESSICA WILLIAMS: We did.
And it was, like, iconic.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
It was really cool.
Did we get video of that?
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Yeah, I hope so.
I hope we did.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: OK.
Thanks.
Thanks, Joanna.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: And then that
same night, Phoebe personally
crowdsurfed with Jon Hamm.
And I got video of that.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
That was really cool.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: And that
was really fun because--
PHOEBE ROBINSON: We held hands.
It was like literally
after our wedding,
we just crowdsurfed
out of our wedding.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Like,
everybody was like--
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Yeah, like mazel!
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Yeah, like literally.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: And we were
like, none of us are Jewish.
But thank you.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Yeah, that was amazing.
And then I realized
too that episode
was very overwhelming because--
I haven't been
single for a while.
But I realized when we
were doing the Jon Hamm
episode that I was,
like, very overwhelmed.
And so I couldn't say
things that were real.
And I couldn't say words.
I couldn't put things
together coherently.
And I realized
that about myself.
I was, like, reverting back
into the third grade me.
Those were really fun times.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
No, you were great.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: You
think I was great?
OK.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Yeah, you were great.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Cool, because I
feel like I spit a lot
during that episode.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
No, you were fine.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: I was,
like, shvitzing everywhere.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Well, part of it
is because he is, hands down,
the most attractive person we
ever had on the show.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Right, no
tea, no shade to everybody
who's done the show.
But y'all know what happened.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
It's the Hammaconda.
And so we were--
[LAUGHTER]
JESSICA WILLIAMS: This is
like no a casual phrase
that you can slip in like that.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: No, no.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: You
can't slip in Hammaconda?
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: No, you can't
JESSICA WILLIAMS: You were
just like, Hammaconda.
Like, that's crazy.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: You did it.
You did it.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Like, you
workshopped that in your brain.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Yeah, I was like,
I'm going to put
that in a Hammaconda.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: That's insane.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Hammaconda, baby.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: I going
to look that up later.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
But the thing that I loved--
when we did the LA
show, we told Chenoae,
who's one of our producers
on our podcast-- we're like,
our dream guests are
RuPaul and Jon Hamm.
And we're still
holding out for Ru.
So Ru, please.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Ru!
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Ru!
Please!
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Ru!
Please, please.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Please come, Ru.
And so Chenoae reached out to
Jon because he was supposed
to do something else
and then he couldn't.
And he told Chenoae,--
but I really
want to do "2 Dope Queens."
and we were both like, wait,
he listens to "2 Dope Queens"?
What?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Like, we died.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: It was crazy.
It was like, this is "Mad Men."
But like, no disrespectful.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
This is not "Mad Men."
Two women.
There is, like, more than
one woman of color on there.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: We have
our rights and, like, jobs.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: We can vote.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
JESSICA WILLIAMS: We did vote.
Oh, yeah, we voted.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: We voted.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Oh, we voted.
It's not-- because
now I'm getting--
we voted.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: We voted.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: We did.
We did our shit so nobody
can tell me nothing.
Really.
94% of black women.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: 94%.
We voted.
OK.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: And
so he just showed up.
And was so nice.
He was like, I love the show.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
And we were like--
[LAUGHTER]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: But
he was literally, like,
the most chill.
It was like the
most chill person.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah,
he was, like, very fine.
But we didn't do any of that.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: We were just
like what are you going--
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: What was
that about catcalling?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Literally.
Literally.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah,
and we were like,
what do you want to do?
He's like, I'll
follow your lead.
It's totally fine.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: I was
like, wow, that's hot.
Even that was hot.
[LAUGHTER]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: I was like,
this is like really sexually
intense.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Yeah, he's like,
just explain the bit to me.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Right.
And so basically,
we were just like,
we're just going to
hit you for 20 minutes.
And he was like, cool.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Cool.
[LAUGHTER]
And we were like, thank
you for being a good sport.
But he's, like, woke and--
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Yeah, he's woke.
He said some great things.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: It was nuts.
And we did a little
bit we do sometimes.
If we have a celebrity
guest that nobody
knows is coming out, we'll
be like, can we get some wa--
we're thirsty.
It'll just be us.
And we'll be like,
we're thirsty.
Can we get some water?
And then a celebrity--
PHOEBE ROBINSON: We don't
do it like that though.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: But I do.
And the celebrity comes
out and brings us water.
But it was crazy
because with him, he's
such an amazing actor that he,
like, took an extra second.
And we genuinely didn't know
if he was coming out or not.
So we, like, literally
acted with Jon Hamm.
Like, we basically won an Emmy.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: I did, like,
a stage cough, like water.
[COUGHS]
[LAUGHTER]
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
And I was like, what?
What an actor's
choice, like, literally
Viola Davis over here.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: It was
like "Fences" basically.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: It
was literally "Fences."
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Just kidding.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: It was
her "Fences" performance.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: We've covered
all the Academy Awards.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: OK.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
But he came out.
It was amazing.
We, like, acted with him.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Yeah, it was cool.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: The
best show, best guest.
We're holding out RuPaul.
Ru, look in the camera.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
RuPaul, RuPaul Charles.
I'm watching Season
9 this Friday.
Please, just do our show.
It'll be fun.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
We would love you.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: OK,
so last question,
and we're going to
try to be serious,
but I know that we can't.
OK, so how do you balance your
need to bring joy, levity,
bring your voice, highlight the
voices of other great comedians
and other great actors with some
of the very real traumatizing--
I can't even find
another word for it--
political change and environment
that we find ourselves in?
I was literally studying
your post-election episode,
trying to get through
the feels, trying
to work through the feels.
How did you plan that show?
How do you process this now?
How do you bifurcate
what's happening
with the social-political
landscape
and the goals of
"2 Dope Queens"?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Well, I
think that episode was--
Joanna, I think that
was your idea, right?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah, it was.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: To
do the post-election.
Were you not paying
any attention?
Cool.
[LAUGHTER]
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Joanna, Joanna, Joanna.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: We're
literally at our Google Talk.
JOANNA: It was Rachel.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Oh, it was Rachel.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Oh, sorry, Rachel.
you were nice about it.
Sorry we dragged you.
You, like, don't
deserve any of that.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
But, like, pay attention.
It's our Google Talk.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
But also, she edits
every one of our episodes.
Sorry we dragged you.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: We love
you, Joanna, like you are.
So yeah, I think we were all
just feeling, like, a little--
because I think we all kind
of assumed that America would
be like, OK, the joke is over.
We're going to not
elect Donald Trump.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
We had to record
two versions of that episode.
And the first one
was if Hillary won.
And then, we were
like, yeah, great.
And then they were like, well,
why don't we just in case
do the other one,
where she didn't win?
And we were like, what the
fuck you talkin' about?
[LAUGHTER]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: And
then, yeah, it happened.
And I don't even want to say it.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: It's
like literally Voldemort.
If you read a Harry
Potter book, you
know what I'm talking about.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
Yeah, it happened.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: It happened.
And I think everyone,
a lot of people,
were in a state of shock.
And so I think we all just
agreed with Rachel that it
would be good to have an episode
where we just addressed it
openly and honestly and be
like, hey, let's just talk
through what we're
feeling right now,
just get these emotions out.
Because I know-- like,
I was crying for days.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Days, yeah.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: I
think everyone was.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Just
the idea that somebody
who is supposed to
represent you completely
doesn't have your
interests at heart--
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: No, has really
your destruction at heart.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Really.
And it's really, really
deeply upsetting.
Like honestly, like, I
go to therapy every week.
And my therapist has been
like, yeah, all everybody
wants to talk about is the fact
that we have this president
and how it bothers them.
Yes, but continue.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah,
no, that was good.
And so I think when we just
sat down, it wasn't like Jess
and I had anything prepared.
We really just spoke from
the heart about how we felt.
We said some ignorant
things I think
they cut out of the podcast.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: I want to
hear the ignorant things.
Who did that?
Joanna?
Was that you?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Well, you know
we can just go off and just
speak.
All right, this is--
JESSICA WILLIAMS: We
can really pop off.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: These
are for our texts.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Right.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
These should be tests.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: But yeah,
no, it felt really kind of--
I don't know.
I think it felt, like,
cathartic for us.
And I think for a
lot of listeners,
we say a lot of things
they were thinking.
So it just felt really good.
And I think going
forward with the show,
we just want to keep doing the
same thing with our show, which
is just highlight
different voices,
promote comedy that's about
punching up, not punching down,
and just keep
telling our stories.
And I think if
everyone just keeps
putting their stories
out there and putting
their lives out
there, we're going
to drown out the nonsense.
We're going to drown
out the haters.
out the ugliness.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah.
And it's nice,
too, because I feel
like one of the
reasons comedy is
great is because it transcends
differences in a way.
And I feel like if people
can listen to our podcast
and feel a little bit of comfort
for 45 minutes to an hour,
then we've done our job,
just taking a second
and just really being like,
oh, it's going to be OK.
Oh, there's still
great comedy out there.
Oh, OK, this is a transgender
person doing stand-up.
Oh, cool.
If we can continue to
up with those voices,
then we're going to be
OK the next four years.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
Well, on that note,
thank you for the encouragement
because I think we all need it.
I think everyone
watching needs it.
I know that I can feel
the energy in the room.
For those of you watching, the
energy in the room is amazing.
I just want to make
sure that we actually
open up the floor to the room.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Oh, yeah.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: I want to
thank you ladies for coming.
It's been amazing.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Thank
you for having us.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: A
round of applause.
[APPLAUSE]
Yeah, that's OK.
We'll keep clapping.
Are you ready for
round-of-fire questions?
There are two mics.
There's one here and one there.
We're going to
start on the right.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Oh, my gosh.
Everyone's wearing white so far.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: If
you're not wearing white,
don't come to the mic.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Yeah, a lot of talk.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Don't come to the mic.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: And make
sure that you balance load
the mics, guys.
So don't crowd one.
Anyway, don't crowd one.
Anyway, go ahead,
[? Kinnechi. ?]
AUDIENCE: Hello.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
What's your name?
AUDIENCE: [? Kinnechi. ?]
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Hi, Kinnechi.
Nice to meet you.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Hi.
AUDIENCE: Hi.
That came out less strong
than I wanted it to.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: All
right, work into it.
AUDIENCE: My question--
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Believe in yourself.
AUDIENCE: I believe.
When I look at you, I believe.
Anyway, my question
is, whenever I've
listened to your podcast,
my favorite parts--
actually, my favorite part is
before the show actually starts
and you're talking
to the sound guy.
And I start crying during that
part because it's so hilarious.
And my question is
actually have you
thought of making episodes
of just the banter and just
the friendship, like a few
episodes without guests?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: We get a
lot, actually, that feedback.
And we really want to make sure
that we are giving platforms
to people that otherwise
wouldn't have it.
So I think we want
to use it for that.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
And we do the bonus shows.
We did the advice episode.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah,
the bon-bon shows.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Which is really fun.
And my brother wants to
do an advice episode.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Does he?
Oh, that's going to be amazing.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: That
will be really funny.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah,
that's going to be great.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
So I think stuff
like that, those episodes
where you can get a lot of us.
But like she said, we really
want to showcase people.
I mean, that's the heart of the
show is showcasing-- well, no,
we're the heart of the show.
[LAUGHTER]
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
That's right, girl.
Uh!
PHOEBE ROBINSON: But the guests
are like the risk of the show.
I don't know.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Yeah, no, absolutely.
Mistakes, mistakes,
the risks, the theme.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah, the
forearm of the show, whatever.
Their the other body parts
that aren't the heart.
And we just want to make
sure those people are heard.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Ears.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Ears.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Thank you Thank you so
much for the feedback though.
Hi.
AUDIENCE: Thank you for
coming to talk to us.
And thank you for your work.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Thanks.
What's your name?
Can everyone just
say their name?
AUDIENCE: Regina.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Hi, Regeen-geen.
AUDIENCE: Good to see you.
I have so many questions.
And I loved "Sooo
Many White Guys."
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Thank you.
AUDIENCE: But I'll
keep it to one.
You've touched on
this a little bit.
How much do you leverage your
your network for your guests?
Because your guests are awesome.
And how much do you put
your wish list together?
So as professionals,
if we're all
being businesspeople
about what we do,
how much would you
recommend that we leverage
what we have, or, like,
go out and just put it
in the universe for your dream?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: I mean,
I'm all about putting things
in the universe and talking
about things all the time
to manifest it.
But you work at Google.
Like, I would literally just
be like, hi, I work at Google.
Can I get this soup for free?
You know what I mean?
And, like, literally, every
[INAUDIBLE] would be like,
sure, here you go.
[LAUGHTER]
So you have, like,
such a great net--
I think with our show, because
we found out Carrie Brown--
like, all these celebs
were listening to the show.
We were like, oh, we should
just ask them to do it.
They won't say no.
And so I think once we know
that it's on someone's radar,
we then go for it and we ask
them, like, on a first date.
But yeah, you work at Google.
Lead with that.
Be like, we've done
this, this, this.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: You're
like, our office,
there's a whole
floor of our office
that's just
dedicated to seasons.
Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
It's just these are seasons.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Like, we have snacks.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Like, that's insane.
You guys have,
like, walls of moss.
[LAUGHTER]
And, like, a massage chair and
five restaurants on one floor.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: It's like
Oprah designed this place
and then left.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: She's
like, my work is done.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: She, like,
sprinkled her fairy dust on you
and then bounced.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: They've
seen one floor, guys.
[LAUGHTER]
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
But we have to, like,
low-key kind of drag
you guys because that
is fucking amazing.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: I work off
of a couch in my apartment.
AUDIENCE: Come anytime.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Really?
Like for lunch, exclusively?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Aw, thanks.
But yeah, use your network.
You use that power.
Because a lot of times, people
would be like, oh, Google?
OK, I'll listen to this.
As opposed to,
like, hi, I'm like--
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Working at?
I work for myself.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: And
they're like, oh, boo.
[BLOWS RASPBERRY] Fart.
So yeah, use the
Google connection.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Oh, fart.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Oh, barf.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
Over to the right?
AUDIENCE: Thank you so
much for being here.
My name is Mike.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Hi, Mike.
How tall are you?
AUDIENCE: I am 6'6".
JESSICA WILLIAMS: 6'6"?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Oh,
my god. that's hot.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Very cool.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: That's hot.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: It's like
if somebody is six feet tall.
If it's like six feet or
over, I'm like [PURRS].
So it's not you.
It's more my body is--
I'm like, uh!
It's like--
AUDIENCE: You just
can't control it.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Mike,
what do you do at Google?
AUDIENCE: I do
university programs.
So I'm the recruitment
side of things.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Cool.
Like, like, are you single?
Like, what's up?
[LAUGHTER]
JESSICA WILLIAMS: I don't know.
He seems young.
AUDIENCE: Yes.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
How young are you?
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
How old are you?
AUDIENCE: I'm 29.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Oh,
yeah, that's cool.
[LAUGHTER]
Do you have a headboard?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah.
AUDIENCE: Yes.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Cool.
That's cool.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Yeah, that's, like,
a sign that you're, like,
man, having a headboard.
That's cool.
Yeah?
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Yeah, that's cool.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: He's cool.
And he's got good style.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Where do you live?
[LAUGHTER]
AUDIENCE: I live
in Crown Heights.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Oh, see,
I used to live by there.
Are you Williamsburg?
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
No, Crown Heights.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Really,
really Crown Heights?
OK.
I used to live out there.
That's cool.
All right, get to your question.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Ask
him-- as him where he--
AUDIENCE: So what
I'm thinking about--
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Ask him
where he gets his clothes.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Yeah,
your clothes are cool.
Are they Urban Outfitters?
What is it?
AUDIENCE: I got this secondhand.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Cool, even better.
AUDIENCE: Is that good?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: And
then there's the jeans.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
Mike, Mike, we're
going to make this happen.
But you should
ask your question.
AUDIENCE: So my question--
[LAUGHTER]
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Such a
waste of everyone's time.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: You
should ask your question.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: You know, this
is how I'm going to data from
now on, I'm just
going to hold Q&As.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: And
just only invite guys.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Can you
step to the mic please?
Step to the mic.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Ask
all the questions.
Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Sorry, Mike.
Go ahead.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Yeah, sorry, not sorry.
AUDIENCE: So I'm
thinking about allyship
as being a really
awesome thing in general.
One of the things I've been
talking about and reading about
recently is the
idea of people who
are, like, woke misogynists.
I had a friend who said,
I just saw "Get Out."
I feel like a woke racist.
Like, I just didn't realize.
I'm not thinking
about these things.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: That's OK.
AUDIENCE: First, have you had
any situations, anecdotally,
that you're like, no, I
thought you were on my team,
and then this happened?
And then, also, generally,
other than shutting down the
bullshit--
JESSICA WILLIAMS: That's
the black experience.
Every day.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: All the time.
Being alive.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Literally,
like, the entire country just
did that.
The entire country
just did that.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Like,
literally living.
AUDIENCE: Other than
consistently shutting down
the bullshit, how
do we prevent people
from being so comfortable
having that sort of identity?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: You know what?
That's a good question.
I think it's a give-and-take.
First of all, surround yourself
with friends and people that
are woken, are kind
and nice and generally
aware of what's happening.
But also realize that certain
things are out of your control
too.
I think you should only
do that to the extent
that you're not exhausting
yourself and you're not tired.
Because one of my
favorite things
that my therapist says to me is,
you don't have to fight today.
Sometimes, it's good
to crawl into bed
and just watch reruns of
"Buffy the Vampire Slayer,"
or play the Sims if you're me.
And I feel like it is only
doing it to an extent,
but also realizing that you
can't control everybody,
and just making sure that
with your immediate group,
and when you're out and about,
you express your allyship,
and you make sure that you
advocate-- as a white male,
make sure that you
advocate for people
that otherwise wouldn't get
in rooms that you're able to.
But only so much.
And I also think
that if it's, like,
your family, if it's like
somebody old, if it's Grandma,
it's like she's going
to die soon anyway.
Like, let her go.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Let her float away.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Like, just
let her take it with her.
Yeah, like, it's crazy.
She's seen a lot of crazy shit.
But it's like, just let her go.
But yeah, what is your advice?
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
I also think it's
like we all have to remind
ourselves that we always
have to be learning.
ABL, just made it up.
Always Be Learning.
Yeah, I stole it,
but I made it up.
[LAUGHTER]
Like, for me, I'm
constantly having
to learn about trans issues
because that's something
I don't know everything about.
And it's being like, I
don't know everything.
Let me go read a book.
Let me go educate myself.
And so I think it's great that
your friend saw "Get Out,"
and then was like, oh, I'm
more racist than I thought.
And that person's going to go
check themselves and evaluate
their behavior so they can
do better in the future.
And I feel like once you know
better, you can then do better.
So I think really just
checking yourself.
And just be like, hey, am
I doing everything I can?
And be a good person.
Do I still think
these shitty things?
Or do I occasionally make a
bad joke that I shouldn't say,
but it makes people laugh,
and so that's why I do it?
So I think as long as people
are really open about,
I don't have all the answers,
but I really want to learn.
And they're not like, oh,
well, Jess, you're black.
So I'm going to ask
you everything so I
can learn about black people.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
What did you call me?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Not
like turning someone
into like learning annex.
But educating yourself,
I think, is great.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Course works?
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: So
you're the last question.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Oh, my gosh.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Hi.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: No one else
wants to ask a question?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: We,
like, totally just, like,
hit on this dude relentlessly
for four to five minutes.
I understand.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
It's a good strategy.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Hi.
AUDIENCE: Hi, my name's Kayla.
just thank you for coming.
And thank you for
everything that you do.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Hi, Kayla.
I love the way you're pulled
together right now, like that--
PHOEBE ROBINSON: That's cute.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Kayla
is a huge fan of yours.
She's been pinging me
about this for a week.
You should know that
she's a big fan.
AUDIENCE: So of what you can
share, what other side projects
do you guys have
coming up this year?
PHOEBE ROBINSON: For me, I'm
going to be in LA April and May
because I'm writing on the
last season of "Portlandia,"
which is very exciting.
And yeah, I think that's it.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Yeah, and I just
went to Sundance with a movie
called "The Incredible Jessica
James."
And we sold it to Netflix.
So it'll be on Netflix
in the next couple
months, which is very exciting.
So look for me there.
AUDIENCE: Thank you.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Thank you.
Thank you, everybody.
AUDIENCE: Wait, should we
do this one last-- or no?
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
Megan didn't say no.
Go ahead, go, go, go.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Go, go, go.
AUDIENCE: This is the worst.
I didn't even have a question.
I just came here
for your commentary.
Actually, I really
have enjoyed how
you interact with
people and also
to tell Jessica that I miss you
so much more than Jon Stewart.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Oh,
thank you so much.
Like, aw.
[APPLAUSE]
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: That's true.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Thank you.
I appreciate it.
I'm not capable of
growing a I don't work
in late night anymore beard.
[LAUGHTER]
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: Well,
we have a gift for you.
We're going to get you a gift.
And we want to thank
you again for coming.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: What?
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Did you
get us a massage chair?
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: We tried.
We tried.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Oh, my god!
JESSICA WILLIAMS: A duffel bag!
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Thank you so much!
[APPLAUSE]
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Oh, my god.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
What do we have?
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ: OK, this is
like Oprah's favorite things.
But we didn't buy
any of these things.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Yeah,
and we didn't get anything
for you guys.
PHOEBE ROBINSON:
Oh, this is cute.
I love it.
This is great.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
This is awesome.
I need a mug.
I need a mug too.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Oh, a shirt!
I love shirts.
I'm going to sleep in this.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: This is great.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Can I
be like, Mike, I'm cold.
I need to put on this
extra large shirt.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: That's funny.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
You can think Janna.
Thank Janna.
Janna, stand up please.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Oh, my god.
This is great.
Thank you!
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Thank you, Google.
Thanks.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: Thanks again.
JESSICA WILLIAMS:
Thank you, Google A.
PHOEBE ROBINSON: OK.
DEMMA RODRIGUEZ:
You guys can go back
to work now and be very happy.
JESSICA WILLIAMS: Have fun!